elm-native-js/README.md, before:

# Elm custom elements bindings for Nativescript

This library should be used with [elm-native](https://github.com/hariroshan/elm-native-library) elm library

## How it works

We will use [CustomElements](https://guide.elm-lang.org/interop/custom_elements.html) feature to create mobile UI elements with nativescript objects and control the nativescript object from elm.

Here's a simple representation of how UI elements are created

`Elm` -> `Nativescript` -> `Mobile`

When we listen for / receive an event,

`Mobile` -> `Nativescript` -> `Elm`

Consider this flow while building an application. This will help you to overcome performance issues if you encounter them.

### Supported Features

- Dialog
- Page transitions animations
- Modal page
- Execution of OS specific property assignment and Native code (Be careful)
- Navigating page back and forth using frame functions
- Has bindings for all Nativescript UI elements
- Calling methods/setting attributes in the event object within elm (Will be improved in future)
- Simple and complex listviews templates and much more

More features will be added soon.

Commit message:

Patch custom element registry (#10)
* Removed hypen checker in custom element registry

* updated readme

* version changed

elm-native-js/README.md, after:

# Elm custom elements bindings for Nativescript

This library should be used with [elm-native](https://github.com/hariroshan/elm-native-library) elm library

## How it works

We will use [CustomElements](https://guide.elm-lang.org/interop/custom_elements.html) feature to create mobile UI elements with nativescript objects and control the nativescript object from elm.

Here's a simple representation of how UI elements are created

`Elm` -> `Nativescript` -> `Mobile`

When we listen for / receive an event,

`Mobile` -> `Nativescript` -> `Elm`

Consider this flow while building an application. This will help you to overcome performance issues if you encounter them.

### Supported Features

- Dialog
- Page transitions animations
- Modal page
- Execution of OS specific property assignment and Native code (Be careful)
- Navigating page back and forth using frame functions
- Has bindings for all Nativescript UI elements
- Calling methods/setting attributes in the event object within elm (Will be improved in future)
- Simple and complex listviews templates
- Define and use custom nativescript elements / plugins and much more

More features will be added soon.
